Ye Nanheng
He's still alive.
Still smiling at me
I am very warm
Do you remember? Yes.
How many nights are bitterly sad
How could you not remember?
What's going on here?
He harassed me
Framed me
You can adjust the monitoring.
I'll handle it.
Mr. Tang, please.
This woman is President Jing
It's over.
Go to my office for a while
Have a cup of coffee!
Thank you. The system said that Yannan and blackening were reduced to 30%.
Mission accomplished.
So I haven't taken the initiative to find him in all these years
Now suddenly run into
It's really embarrassing
You all these years
Wow, actually my parents found me 5 years ago
They've got Stephen's team working on me
Just tear it to me for a funeral
Now that it's safe, I'm allowed to go back home.
In fact, I have known about you all these years
You manage Bluestone very well.
Very powerful
My dad always compliments you
So he always knew
Know where I am
But he never looked for me once.
He must still hate me
What happened back then was my fault